Hey, good morning, family. After I did
my last video, I think the major thing
people wanted to know is, "Do you
have a pastor that is a
female?"Folks,
let me tell you like
this: in Joel chapter 2, the Bible says
that in the last days, "I will pour out my
spirit upon your sons and your
daughters and on your
handmaidens"—and
that's a female.
So we're in those last days.
Regardless of whether you want to believe
that God can use a female or a male,
I'm here to say it's all hands
on
deck. If the men are not going to do
the job and they're sitting back with
their thumb in their nose and
being lazy, and the women
want to take the baton and say, "Hey, I
know that God has called me for such a
time as this to lead the people, to help
bring prayer
in,"that's
where I'm at. If I see the
anointing and the presence of God
on male or female, I'm going to follow
and listen to what they have to say just
because of what Joel chapter 2:28 said:
"And it shall come to pass
afterward that I will pour out my spirit
upon all flesh; your sons
and your daughters shall prophesy, your
old men shall dream dreams, your
young men shall see visions. And also
upon the servants and upon the handmaids
in those days will I pour out my
spirit."So
you see
what the word is saying right there?
That's what I go by. I know Paul talks
about having women be silent in the
church and not interrupting,
but I believe as we draw closer
to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ,
we are seeing God put His hand of
fire even on His sons, His daughters,
and on the handmaidens. I
believe that's what we're seeing right
now. We can criticize and say, "Well,
they shouldn't be in this; women
shouldn't do this; women shouldn't do
that,"but
I'm going by Joel chapter
2 in the Old Testament. Then
we have Acts chapter 2, which says this is
that which was spoken by the prophet Joel.
The Holy Ghost and fire came into the
upper room and filled them all with
tongues of fire, and the women and the
men were speaking with tongues of fire,
and the glory of the Lord filled that
whole place like a mighty rushing wind.
So I know what the Lord has shown me
concerning
these last days. From Kathryn
Kuhlman
to Joyce Meyer to the people
that have ministered to
me—she
talks about the "Battlefield of the
Mind"and
some amazing
things she went
through—I
look at the people that God
is calling up right now. Like I said,
ladies and gentlemen, it's all hands on
deck. We have a lot of men that do not
have a backbone like a crowbar,
who
are being limp-wristed, wearing skinny
jeans and using fog machines, wanting to follow the
crowd—kind
of men that don't even know
they're metrosexual, that don't even know
who they are. I identify myself as a
man or a woman—or, "Oh, I identify
myself as a dog."I heard that
kids in
these schools were coming to school
saying that they identify as a dog or a
cat, and they dress up like a dog or a
cat before they come to school.
Folks, we don't even know what we
are anymore. So God's trying to find
somebody that will just say yes without
all this religious stuff going,
"Well, you know, they can't be used because
of their parts."God's saying, "I'm looking
for a pure heart,"and I can't find one
because right now we've got a bunch of
knuckleheads that don't even know who
they are anymore. I'm not
going to sit here and criticize and go,
"Well, she can't go up there and
lead prayer because she's a
female."Folks,
you're thinking too
small for what God's trying to do in
these last days. God said, "I will pour
out my spirit upon all
flesh."So
that's what I'm looking for. If
you want to rock in your chair and sit
there and criticize everybody who's
trying to do something good for God, then
you probably shouldn't watch my channel.
I believe my wife is called; she's my
rearguard,
my helper, and my
friend. I've seen an
anointing on her: she dreams,
she has visions, she sees things,
and God uses her just as much as He
uses me. Yeah, I'm the head of the
house, I run our home,
I flow with the spirit of the Lord,
and I lead my family, but I
believe she's my helpmate and she's my
friend, and she's here
to teach just as much as me.
This channel is just not my
own; He said, "I've called her to walk
beside you, not behind you, Brandon."There
are
people that get all
upset about that and say, "Well, women
shouldn't do that,"but I'm here to tell
you you're wrong because I believe with
all my heart it's all hands on deck. We
saw
that in scripture right here, Joel
chapter 2, right here in black and
white. In the last days He said, "I'll pour
my spirit upon all
flesh."So
we're going to go with that
because Joel prophesied it, and then we
see in Acts chapter 2 that this is that which
was spoken by the prophet Joel: "In the
last days I will pour out my spirit upon
all
flesh."We're
seeing that already, and
that was 2,000 years ago. So
here we are right now in present day, and
the Lord tells us, "Brandon, I'm going to
do one last call, one major push for a
harvest of
souls. Will you be a part of it? I'm just
looking for someone
who
will just say yes, son, who will help
me bring in the
harvest."I'm
saying it from the mountaintops that
Jesus Christ is
coming. The eyes of the Lord are running
to and fro throughout the whole earth,
looking for a heart who's perfect
towards
Him, looking for someone that will have a
great yielded want-to to say, "Hey God,
here am I, send me."Send me
to the nations to preach, to teach, to do
whatever it takes to bring in the
lost. I
refuse to let the rocks do my
job, for it says in the word that if I
don't praise Him, the rocks will cry
out. I'm telling you, God is a God
that's worthy to be praised, and I refuse
to let the rocks do my
job. I will praise Him today because He
is worthy to be praised. Last night at
Wednesday night church, the glory came
down and the presence of the Lord was so
strong you could feel
it.
Whenever you go into a church
service and it
keeps going and going, and
you lose track of time in the
glory because everything your
spirit
ever needs is at His
feet, people go,
"Well, what time am I going home?"If you
don't want to sit at His feet, give me
the keys and the code and I'll lock up
your building for
you,
because
nothing else
matters to me. There's nothing in
this earth that I want more than to sit
at His
feet. You can lose yourself in the
numbers and the
money because it's
what the flesh wants, but
as for me and my house, we will serve the
Lord with all our hearts, all our minds,
all our soul, and all our strength, and
we'll love our neighbor as ourselves. We'll
love those because those two
angels that stood over my bed that night
said, to make
a long story
short, what he needs to know is that when he
stands before the Father, what he will be
judged upon the most is what
he
did
with love. How did he love his brother?
How did he love those around him and
treat people with respect and honor?
What did he do with love beyond anything
else? It won't be
because I gave this amount of
money or I did this.
No, how did you walk in love
towards your
brethren? Love takes no account of a
suffered wrong, ladies and gentlemen. In
the comment section, love takes no
account of a suffered wrong—even to a
preacher who's talking trash about you
behind your back.
I choose to love. I choose to
be what Jesus has called me to be in
this earth.
I stay
vertical; I refuse to go horizontal. I go
vertical regardless of people cursing
you with their mouth or regardless of
people coming on here from the
occult.
It's
in Him I move and have my being.
He is the one I'm after.
Some of
you are just after what you can get
on this earth, but everything you achieve,
unless it's for
Him, it will burn up like chaff before
His
throne. It will either be pure like
gold that will stand the fire, or it will
be straw and
stubble.
I choose to not lay up my treasures
upon this earth because all I know is
that when I get on the other side, He's
either going to say, "I knew you,"or "Depart
from me; I never knew
you."I
heard Benny
Hinn say he was on the
table having that heart attack
and he was in line to go before the Father.
An organist
was playing,
and Jesus was standing there
greeting the people.
She would play a certain sound, and the
sound was either a welcoming sound or a
sound of judgment. Either Jesus gave
you a nod of
"yes"or
"no."As Benny
Hinn
got before
the Father, he saw all his
works—the
healing
revivals, the souls that had come
in—but
over the course of time his heart had
become cold to the Father. The Lord
showed me and He showed my wife, Diana,
"Brandon, I'll use whoever I want to.
Just because you have the anointing and
just because you flow under the
anointing doesn't mean that I know
you."I
will use whoever I want. The anointing is
not about
relationship; the anointing is a
tool. We qualify for the anointing,
but He doesn't turn
it off because it's a tool,
just like this shirt
covers
me
or my shaver shaves my head.
The anointing is a
cloak
that
helps
us to operate in this earth so that
we're able to get the job done. Does that
make sense?
We are the tool, but
we are the glove.
The Holy
Spirit said, "You are the glove; I am the
hand that goes in the glove. You are
always to deflect the glory to the
Father."So
that's where we are right now. In these
end times, it's all hands on deck, but
just because you have some
anointing
doesn't mean that He's intimate
with you. Intimacy is sitting at His feet
on a daily
basis. "Hello, Father, how are
you?"Don't
lose yourself
in works, numbers, growth, or money. Lose yourself
in His
breath. "Father, I need
You; Father, I worship
You. I want
to have a revelation knowledge according
to Ephesians, that the eyes of my
understanding would be enlightened
today."I
thank You, Lord, that I sit
at Your
feet. When I sit before You in
that day, He either
says, "Brandon, I knew
you,"or
"You did a lot on the earth, but I never
had a relationship with you."Diana is going
to read this to you because it's
very important that you
understand.
Oh, it's just about grace, brother?
Yeah,
you're saved by
grace through faith, not of works, lest any
man should boast; it is a gift of God. We
understand that, but it's about
relationship. I want you to meditate on
this scripture while I'm trying to
bring
you to a conclusion of all the things
that you think make you
qualified.
I'm
taking it all back to a
heart
thing.
Holy
Communion is holy, but it is an act of
worship in my
house. It's an act of, "God, I love You; I
just want to be at Your feet. I just want
to know You
more."I
just want a
personal relationship with the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Matthew
7:21: "Not everyone that saith unto me,
Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom
of heaven; but he that doeth the will of
my Father which is in heaven. Many will
say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we
not prophesied in thy name? And in thy
name have cast out devils? And in thy
name done many wonderful works? And then
will I profess unto them, I never knew
you: depart from me, ye that work
iniquity."I
don't want Him saying that to
me.
It
takes some anointing to cast out a devil
or
raise the
dead,
but He said, "Depart from me; I
never knew you."What is it about?
It's about relationship. It's about
sitting at His feet and saying,
"Jesus, I love
You."Communion
with Him—a heart thing. For the eyes of
the Lord are running to and fro
throughout the whole earth, looking for a
heart who's perfect toward
Him. I
pray, "Father, if Your eyes
are roaming right now,
help my heart to be what pleases You
today."Help
my heart, Father, to be
somebody that You're
able to rest on. At my
house, I make this
house a place that He would be
comfortable coming to. If He was to
manifest in real form and
knock on the door,
would He open your door and look
around and go, "Man, there's a lot of sin
in
here,"or
does He open your door
and go, "I can come in here
and have a glass
of iced tea with Brandon because I feel
comfortable"?
Ladies and gentlemen,
practice His
presence. Father, I don't want
anything to come through these
eye
gates
that will offend You. Take captive of
your thoughts.
Men, don't be going around
church lusting after women.
You've
got to
have your eye gates and your mind pure before the
Father.
He can hear your thoughts. If
you have
thoughts that
are bad,
He'll say,
"Brandon, check your
thoughts."Why?
Because it's
offensive.
We're not perfect,
but
I'm trying
to challenge you to come up
higher. Diana and I have
got our stuff we're going through
just like everybody else, but it's the
heart that is quick to repent and
says, "Father, I need
You."Stop
trying to
box God in and being so small-minded that
you think He has to operate in the
way you think He's going to operate.
God loves you and He wants
relationship with you.
He said, "Brandon, tell them to come
unto
me."Matthew:
"Come to me, all you who are weary
and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you and learn from me,
for I am gentle and humble in heart, and
you will find rest for your souls. For my
yoke is easy and my burden is
light."Run
to God when you sin; don't run from
Him. Your sin is none of the devil's
business. I come to Him with communion
when I sin and say, "Father, at Your
mercy seat,
I bow myself in humility
and say, Father, use me. Forgive
me; wash me in Your blood; cleanse me from
all
unrighteousness."The
sin issue is already taken
care of. He said
if you confess your sins, He is
faithful and just to forgive you
of your sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness.
So
I seek Him daily. I
just
felt it in my heart to
spur you to have an intimate
relationship with Him.
Does He know
you?
My wife
knows me; my kids know me.
Do you look at Him as
some kind of religious,
far-out
thing?
You've
got to take down that
wall. "Come unto me and I will give you
rest."Lean
into Him.
Trust, lean
on, rely on, and be confident in the Lord.
Delight yourself also in the Lord, and He
will give you the desires and secret
petitions of your heart. Commit your way
to the Lord; trust, lean on, rely on, and be
confident also in Him, and He will bring
it to pass.
That's intimacy right there.
Abraham staggered not
at the promise of God through unbelief,
but was strong in faith, giving glory to
God. He was fully persuaded—that
is confidence—that
what God had promised, He
was
able also to perform.
I'm not moved by what I see
or
hear; I'm only
moved by what the word of God
says.
Jesus Christ,
the
same yesterday, today, and forever.
If He did it
2,000 years ago, He's still doing it
today. He's still healing
and
delivering.
He gave us the authority to cast out
devils and lay
hands on the sick.
We have got to come up higher in
our thinking
and say, "Father,
I
want more of You.
I want more revelation of
who You are in
me."Abraham
was a friend of God. I
want Him to call me
friend. "I am a friend of God.
He calls me friend."Think about it.
Who am I that You are mindful of
me? That You hear me when I call?
Is it true that You are thinking of me?
Oh, how You love me. It's
amazing.
I am a friend of
God.
Does He call you friend today?
My heart is for
Him. Search me and know
me
today. Create in me a clean heart,
O
God. You are the
potter; I am the clay.
Help us not to get so stuck on
these religious things.
I
want everything to do with
relationship. Father, we lift up this body
before You and we thank You
that You were wounded for our
transgressions, You were bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our peace
was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord,
we are
healed.
We thank You that we don't have
to be broke, busted, and disgusted anymore.
We take this by faith and we
are fully persuaded that Jesus Christ is
our healer and our deliverer.
Now, Lord, we take the
blood and we apply the blood of
Jesus over our children, my wife,
and
our
finances.
Forgive us, Father, of our
sins. We enter in by the blood of the
Lamb. We
plead the blood of Jesus
in the courts of heaven. When we mess up
or
stumble,
we call out for the blood.
It will never lose its
power.
Father,
I
apply it to our home. I
plead
the
blood.
Lord, You're
beautiful; Your
face is
all I seek.
And
when Your
eyes are
on this
child, Your
grace
abounds to
me.
Jesus, what a wonder You
are. You are so
gentle, so pure, and so
kind.
You shine
like a bright morning
star.
Jesus, You're the sweetest name of
all.
You always hear me when I
call;
You lift me up each time I fall.
Your name is like
honey on my
lips; Your spirit's like water to my
soul; Your word is a
lamp unto my feet.
Jesus,
holy
and
anointed
one.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of
hosts, who was and is and is to
come.
Lose yourself in Him
today. Sit at His
feet.
Everything that's bothering
you—come
unto
Him.
He's wanting to give you rest
today.
Jesus, Your
presence makes me
whole.
We are
thirsty; we need
more. Fill our cup,
Lord; we lift it up.
Come and
quench this thirsting of our
soul. Bread of
heaven, Feed us till we want no
more.
Lord, we
worship
You.
Father, there
are
so many people and so
many needs today.
You inhabit the praises of Your people,
and I thank You that we call them
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus,
from the top
of their head to the soles of their feet.
I believe we receive what You
said You'd do for
us.
With Your stripes, we're
healed today. So Father, I agree with them
that they're healed and whole and well.
Delivered from all sickness and disease;
delivered from the yoke of life and the bondage
of sickness.
We cast our care
over onto You and lean confidently in
You.
We
believe that
today
Your words
are life to those that find them and
health to all their
flesh.
Every single person who's
believing for that right now, place your
hand on where you're
hurting.
We speak
healing, wholeness, and
wellness over you right now in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank You that the
anointing is the
burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power, and You're removing every yoke.
We take our care out of our
prayer.
We have the
mind of Christ.
We're not tormented in our thoughts
anymore;
we have the mind of Christ.
Depression, anxiety, fear, loneliness,
worry—we
cast our care over
onto
You. God supplies all
our needs according to His riches
in
glory by Christ Jesus.
All their needs are
met—spiritually,
physically, financially,
emotionally. Blessed in the city
and
the field, coming in and going out.
Their household is
blessed.
Their marriages are whole;
their children walk upright before You
and
will
be saved.
Wayward children are coming home. Satan,
get your hands off of wayward children.
No one's
too far gone for Jesus to save.
We call their minds renewed.
You're the
waymaker;
You will bring it to
pass.
It may seem
that the mountain of debt
is
on top of you,
but I believe God's a waymaker and
He's Jehovah Jireh—He will provide.
We believe everything we put
our hands to will prosper.
We're calling those seeds
in now. Harvest, come forth in
Jesus'name!
We call the
prosperity
angels to go right now
and bring our harvest
in. Good measure, pressed down,
shaken
together, and running over will men give
unto us.
You're
a
God
of
the
overflow.
This is a time of great overflow,
not barely getting
by. Thank You
for supernatural increase
over our houses
today.
I call your finances
blessed.
I call you to have more than
enough.
Give them creative
ideas for jobs, raises,
bonuses, benefits, sales,
commissions, interest, income, rebates,
returns, checks in the mail, gifts, and
surprises. Finding money, bills paid off,
bills
decreased.
This is a time like never before that
the sowers and the reapers will
go hand in hand.
Abundant harvest is
coming over them.
We
call those things that be not as though
they were.
We're blessed and prosperous;
we're not barely
getting by.
Overflow belongs to us. The
spirit of increase is on me.
God is an abundant God.
This is a time to soar
and not be broke, to go forth and
take the land
with a back like a crowbar. We are
those children
who
say we will take the land for Jesus
and
not do it barely
half-cocked.
We're taking back what the devil stole.
Poverty stops with them.
I will not be
under the curse of poverty; poverty is a
curse.
It's not a blessing.
"God keeps you poor to
keep you
humble"—that's
ignorant. He is a God of more than
enough. Don't allow the devil to
steal and destroy anything. Poverty is a
kill, steal, and destroy.
True poverty—America does
not know true poverty. Go to
Haiti; there's true poverty in
Haiti.
That's true
poverty—when
your stomach's so swelled
up and you're
dying of hunger. Poverty
is
a
curse.
The
body of Christ has to come out of stupid
thinking.
God wants you to have
exceedingly, abundantly above all that
you dare ask or
think.
If you sew a seed, God
will provide for the need. You've got to
believe God for
big,
like George
Mueller.
I know that
story because my little girl watched it on
VeggieTales.
Believe God for
big; stop believing for
small.
Thank You, Lord, that we have
protection concerning
viruses.
We
call
that virus down in
Jesus'name.
We have the
authority of the believer.
A thousand shall fall at
our side and ten thousand at our right hand,
but nothing shall come nigh
us. We'll
not be afraid of any kind of pestilence
or plagues.
Jesus
dwells on the inside of us. Who is
this uncircumcised Philistine that he
tries to defy the armies of the Lord?
Concerning disease,
plagues,
cancers, and diabetes—who is this
uncircumcised Philistine?
Jehovah Jireh dwells on the inside
of
me.
I lack no good thing.
I renew my mind
from stinking thinking today.
We resist the devil and he
must
flee.
Folks, you've got
to be like a bulldog on a
bone. "You are not going to steal from
me anymore,
devil!"Stand
up on the
inside.
The waves try to
knock you down, but I keep standing.
I'm not moved by what I see
or
feel; I'm moved by
what the word of God
says. How bad do you want change?
When you get some grit down
inside you—"I will not be moved by this
anymore!"When
the
police
say
your
kid
did
something bad
again—no,
my
child
is
turning around. I call
him saved and delivered.
I refuse to be
moved by
circumstances. My
daughter is overcoming;
she's healed and whole. When
the
doctor
gives
a bad report,
I'm not moved by what I
see.
With His stripes, I am
healed. The word
is my foundation.
I stagger not at the promise of
God through
unbelief.
I
am
not moved by
the report of the
doctor.
I will live a long life
and declare the works of the Lord.
He said He would satisfy
me with long life,
and I'm not satisfied
yet.
I hope this blessed you
today. That's how you
live by faith.
Lean on Him and be confident in
Him.
He gives
us a garment of praise for a spirit of
heaviness.
Worship Him in spirit and in truth
today.
My son said an hour and
eight
minutes. We'll
do more prayer videos.
Let's think bigger.
God wants to use everybody,
and we're in the end
here.
If you're new
here,
subscribe and click the notification bell.
We
pray
for
President Trump for special covering.
Cover his mind
and
body. Thank You for
President Trump
today—that
he will release the
wealth from the
deep
for the body of Christ.
Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you and we love you. God
bless you all, and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.